# SCP: Observer Modding Guide

Some example mods can be found in the [Examples](/Examples) folder.

Have fun modding.

## Create Mods

### Custom Skins

A full guide can be found [here](/SKIN.md).

## SCP: Observer Tools

If you have followed one of the instructions above and have completed your mod, you can now download the "SCP: Observer Tools" tool to your Steam library. You may need to adjust your library settings so that Steam displays both tools and games.

A troubleshooting guide can be found [here](/TROUBLESHOOT.md) if you encounter any errors.

Note: `%STEAM%` points to the folder where Steam is installed on your machine. By default this is `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam`.

### Create Mod Folder

SCP-079 = `Mod` points to the folder containing all images
Other SCPs = `Mod` points to the AssetBundle file (without `.manifest`) generated by Unity

1. In "SCP: Observer Tools" select the "Modding" tab.

2. Fill out all required fields.

3. Copy the generated mod folder to `%STEAM%/steamapps/common/SCP_Observer/Mods/`.

### Testing Mods

You should test your mod before trying to upload it to the Steam Workshop to ensure it works correctly.

1. Make sure your mod folder is located inside `%STEAM%/steamapps/common/SCP_Observer/Mods/`.

2. Open SCP: Observer and activate your mod in the Mod Manager.

3. Test your mod in the game and correct possible mistakes.

Tip: If you don't see your mod in the Mod Manager you can use the `Validate Mod Folder` button in the "Modding" tab to check if anything is misconfigured.

### Steam Workshop

1. In "SCP: Observer Tools" select the "Steam Workshop" tab.

2. Fill out all required fields.

Note: To find the workshop item id of your existing mod. Copy the URL of your mod's page. The numbers after `?id=` are your workshop item id.

Note: Icon should be in a square format and have a size of `512x512` pixel. Supported formats are `PNG`, `JPG` and `GIF`.

Note: Before your mod will be visible on the Steam Workshop you have to accept the Steam Workshop Terms of Service and you have to set the item visibility to public.

Note: You can add a description as well as screenshots after uploading it to the workshop.

Note: You can update the title via Steam Workshop, but it is recommended to use this command, because SCP: Observer always refers to the title specified in the `mod.json` file.